INITIAL THOUGHTS:
When thinking about users and engagement, time is always a big factor. 
Businesses/employees would be less likely to check Yammer during a big holiday, for example. 
This could be checked by looking at which months/weeks have peak logins and if that coincides with the main holidays 
in that country. 
Conversely, we would also need to check what leads to upward spikes in engagement. 
Ad campaigns and bots may lead to large amounts of users for just a short time. 
Another potential issue leading to lower engagement could be from within the Yammer service itself, such as log errors or bugs.
If user engagement ever drops to completely 0, then that might indicate a problem with the service.

QUESTION & ANSWER:
1. Do the answers to any of your original hypotheses lead you to further questions?

The signup behavior looks pretty standard, so it doesn't seem like getting new users is an issue for Yammer.
This does lead to more questions.

2. If so, what are they and how will you test them?

I would want to also study how long users stay engaged for (user age). What is the average age of a user before they
become disinterested in the service? Do the older users have the same engagement events (liking, emails, searches)?

This could be checked by comparing event date with the signup date of the user. This requires joining the two tables.

3. If they are questions that you can’t answer using data alone, how would you go about answering them 
(hypothetically, assuming you actually worked at this company)?

I would ask the developers what features they were working on during the time of the engagement dip. 
If they were playing around with some of the more popular features, it's possible an error arose that caused people
to stop using the service.

4. What seems like the most likely cause of the engagement dip?

It seems like there is an issue with Yammer's mobile app, since the dip in engagement is the most drastic on phones
and tablets. This may be due to a version release that happened that day/week.

5. What, if anything, should the company do in response?

I would ask the company to also track the app version in the dataset if possible. This way we can tell right away
if a certain version is the reason for any dip in engagement.
